1. Java
powerhouse in the enterprise
grows in areas such as  mobile and big data, where Java-based Hadoop is hot
used for a variety of things, including enterprise apps and infrastructure,
as well as Web and mobile development

2. JavaScript
JavaScript is in high demand
JavaScript-related skills such as jQuery and Node.js also came are quite popularity
primarily used in the form of client-side JavaScript, implemented as part of 
a Web browser to provide enhanced user interfaces and dynamic Websites
used in applications outside Web pages (server-side presence).

3. C/C++
C is used as a systems programming language as well as for applications—such as embedded systems applications.
C++, developed as an enhancement of C, was initially known as "C with Classes". It is used for
developing systems software, application software, device drivers, embedded software, high-performance server and client applications, and entertainment software such as video games.

4. C#
Microsoft's C# was developed as a Java alternative and borrows from its predecessors: Java, C, C++ and Delphi.
It is a multi-paradigm programming language encompassing strong typing, imperative, declarative,
functional, procedural, generic, object-oriented (class-based),
and component-oriented programming disciplines. 

5. PHP
PHP is a widely used general-purpose scripting language that is especially suited for Web development and can be embedded into HTML. It was originally designed to produce dynamic Web pages.

6. Python
Python is a dynamic language that is used in a wide variety of application domains. Often compared to Tcl, Perl, Ruby, Scheme and Java, it enables developers to write code quickly.

7. Ruby
Ruby is a dynamic, open-source language with a focus on simplicity and productivity. It has an elegant syntax that is natural to read and easy to write.

8. Objective-C
Objective-C is a reflective, object-oriented language that adds Smalltalk-style messaging to the C programming language.
It is used primarily on Apple's Mac OS X and iOS, two environments based on the OpenStep standard, though not compliant with it.
Objective-C is the primary language used for Apple's Cocoa API, and was originally the main language on NeXT's NeXTSTEP OS.
With the enormous popularity of the Apple platform, Objective-C is a good language to know.